[ci-visibility] Instructions for `datadog-ci` standalone binary (#13297)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/setup_tests/junit_upload.md

npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
{{< /code-block >}}

### Standalone binary (beta)

> If installing nodejs in the CI is an issue, a standalone binary is provided with releases. Only _linux-x64_, _darwin-x64_ (macOS) and _win-x64_ (Windows) are supported at the time. To install for linux:

Reviewer: I would actually apply the architecture nomenclature you're using here to the download filenames:

- datadog-ci-linux -> datadog-ci_linux-x64
- datadog-ci-win -> datadog-ci_win-x64
- datadog-ci-macos -> datadog-ci_darwin-x64

npm install -g @datadog/datadog-ci
{{< /code-block >}}

### Standalone binary (beta)

> If installing nodejs in the CI is an issue, standalone binaries are provided with [releases][3]. Only _linux-x64_, _darwin-x64_ (MacOS) and _win-x64_ (Windows) are supported at the time. To install:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If installing NodeJS in the CI is an issue, standalone binaries are provided with [Datadog CI releases][3]. Only _linux-x64_, _darwin-x64_ (MacOS) and _win-x64_ (Windows) are supported. To install, run the following from your CLI:
```

{{% tab "Linux" %}}
{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
curl -L --fail "https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/latest/download/datadog-ci_linux-x64" --output "/usr/local/bin/datadog-ci" && chmod +x /usr/local/bin/datadog-ci
{{< /code-block >}}

Then run any command with `datadog-ci`:
{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
datadog-ci version
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "MacOS" %}}
{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
curl -L --fail "https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/latest/download/datadog-ci_darwin-x64" --output "/usr/local/bin/datadog-ci" && chmod +x /usr/local/bin/datadog-ci
{{< /code-block >}}

Then run any command with `datadog-ci`:
{{< code-block lang="bash" >}}
datadog-ci version
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Windows" %}}
{{< code-block lang="powershell" >}}
Invoke-WebRequest -Uri "https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-ci/releases/latest/download/datadog-ci_win-x64.exe" -OutFile "datadog-ci.exe"
{{< /code-block >}}

Then run any command with `Start-Process -FilePath "datadog-ci.exe"`:
{{< code-block lang="powershell" >}}
Start-Process -FilePath "./datadog-ci.exe" -ArgumentList version
{{< /code-block >}}

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: the standalone binaries are in <strong>beta</strong> and their stability is not guaranteed.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: The standalone binaries are in <strong>beta</strong> and their stability is not guaranteed.</div>
```

> <div class="alert alert-warning"><strong>Note</strong>: the standalone binaries are in <strong>beta</strong> and their stability is not guaranteed.</div>

Reviewer 2: Move this up to just after the header for this section, ~line 35
